Mary On A Cross;Ghost;Seven Inches Of Satanic Panic;Come on now, you knew this would be on here. A rough and tough boy with an innocent little doe eye'd girl, taking her away from her strict upbringing to go tickle her internally? Kinda like our story huh?
HUMBLE.;Kendrick Lamar;DAMN.;This kicked off our love for Kendrick. Showing you the video, the hard pounding beat, and the line "I'm so fucking sick and tired of the photoshop, show me sum natural like ass with sum stretch marks", I knew this was going to be one of our songs.
I Could Fall in Love;Selena;Dreaming of You;This is the song I'm gonna spin you around to at our wedding ya know? I remember waking up at the ass crack of dawn in Chicago, grumbling my way to work, and always taking time to send you a Snapchat with one the songs listed here, specifically this one.
I Don't Dance;Lee Bryce;I Don't Dance;Listen, I had my lil cowboy phase when I got here, and I conceeded this song to "I Could Fall in Love". But the lyrics are exactly how I felt all the way up until meeting you for the first time. Kinda sappy I know.
I'll Name The Dogs;Blake Shelton;Fully Loaded;While not entirely on the mark, I definitely see a future like this with you. Besides we all know I'M the funny. You're the funny lookin'.
Body Like A Back Road;Sam Hunt;SOUTHSIDE;This was one of those songs that I am so happy to have overwritten the memories that came with it. The first time I heard it, I thought I knew what love was like. The last time I heard it, I think last week?, I been knowing that crazy bitch could never love.
The Less I Know The Better;Tame Impala;Currents;The video for this song is too horny given the subject matter, but I loved rediscovering the dreamy and often downright haunting melodies of Tame Impala. Even if we only know two songs
Let It Happen;Tame Impala;Currents;I always had the idea that this song is about some researcher who unleashed a Lovecraftian horror that can't simply be put back in it's box, and the chorus "Let it happen" is him basically giving up. Why did I include it here? Cause we both like "fucked up if true" fiction.
Nightmare;Avenged Sevenfold;Nightmare;Much like California Love, I remember showing you this for the first time and you got a little spooked. But the second time, hearing you belt out the lyrics with passion, gave off the same feeling as a punk rock Fluttershy.
As It Was;Harry Styles;Harry's House;This was our '23 summer anthem. That first jump into the pool, wearing those sunglasses that had red lenses giving everything a rose colored tint, eating that very first pretzel with cheese, evrything was perfect. Also, "Answer the phone. Answer the phone. Answer the phone."
No Rain;Blind Melon;Blind Melon;I have no idea how to describe this song other than sunny. The guitar, the video, the voice, all of it is just a nice vibe. You can see how this reminds me of you, right?
Bitch Don't Kill My Vibe;Kendrick Lamar;good kid m.A.A.d city;This was one of the first songs we listened to in Chicago when we rolled up in the car. You got so speedy fast in the hotel room, you damn near wore a path down into the carpet from all your pacing! Everytime I flick my lighter, I am always transported back there.
Call Me;In This Moment;Call Me;Let's be real here, Maria Brink can kill us both and we'd be alright. Also I included this because this gave your sister Gay panic and it was hilarious.
American Boy;Estelle;Shine;"We gotta number one victory royale. Yeah Fortnite we boutta get down (get down). Ten kills on the board right now Just wiped out Tomato town." You are my favorite pro fortnite gamer, and I love that I get to only "chug jug with you".
Doo Wop (That Thing);Lauryn Hill;The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill;On my morning walk home from MPAN, I would listen to this. Lauryn Hill is a certified GOAT. I love when you heard it for the first time you thought the same thing as I did: "She threw shots and both women and men? Nice."
Falling Down;Lil Peep & XXXTENTACION;Come Over When You're Sober;Not gonna lie, I never expected you to like this song! Hearing it in the car as the seasons changed from fall to winter, hearing the rain come down on the sun roof, is a vibe I wish I could bottle and store forever.
Crush;Tessa Violet;Crush;That summer where your ma was gone and we were trying to get through that jar of mota, we discovered this song. From that point on it was an earworm, and seeing the music video of her dancing on the freezer cases in a grocery store fit perfectly for the vibe of that summer.
Feels Like Summer;Childish Gambino;Summer Pack;While I knew of this song and kinda liked it before you, you threw it into my playlist after watching the video and helping me name everyone. It's hazy guitar and piano made for such a warm and cozy summer, even if it did reach disrespectful temps outside.
Am I Dreaming?;Metro Boomin;Across The Spider-Verse;I remember when we watched Across The Spider-Verse and how this became a hyperfixaiton for you for a while! Plus the look on your face when I bought you the artbook was priceless. Our Spider-Sona's looked pretty dope too. Hearing this song, along meeting you for the first time, was a canon event.
California Love;2Pac;Greatest Hits;I remember showing you this song once, and then coming upstairs a month later when you made it your morning song. No matter how you frame it, you listening to this song gives off the same energy as Fluttershy saying "Thug life!".
Waterfalls Coming Out Your Mouth;Glass Animals;Dreamland;You had such an interest in this track from Dreamland it was hilarious hearing you occasionally just blurt out "BIG DICKS AND BIG OL' TITTIES ON THE SIDE". 
California Dreamin';The Mamas & The Papas;If You Can Believe Your Eyes and Ears;No I will not ever let you live it down. All the what are brown?
The Diary of Jane;Breaking Benjamin;Phobia;I put this one here mainly from that one Tiktok of that girl making fun of her own cervix. That, and anytime we go for a long drive, be it to Yakima or Missoula or Great Falls, this always finds a way to the speakers.
Ghost Town;Kanye West;ye;SOMEDAY. I'm gonna. LAY DOWN.;
Day 'n' Nite;Kid Cudi;Man On The Moon- The End of Day;This is an OG song. I remember throughout highschool I made this album my personality, and when I met you, hearing you pick up where the song was sampled from threw me over the moon. Also, the Spider-verse version was hilariously stupid but I liked how that was you for a week.
Bullet;Hollywood Undead;American Tragedy;I think this is how you found out I'm a bit edgier than you were expecting. A happy suicide song? Hilarious. What was funnier was teaching Tina how to sing the last part when she was only like 5. Can't wait to teach our kids the same thing.
Running Up That Hill;Kate Bush;Stranger Things Soundtrack;"If only I could, make a deal with dog...". I love that you got into Stranger Things heavy. The art you made was fantastic, and it was always done listening to this song.
Christmas In Hollywood;Hollywood Undead;Swan Songs;"Did...did Santa just call me a slur?" I love showing you the music I grew up on!
My Type;St. Motel;My Type;I almost forgot this one! This is the rile up song. No matter where, no matter when, it is ALWAYS time to groove when this is blaring through the speakers.
Strip That Down;Liam Payne;Strip That Down;Swabey. This is where "Swabey" started and it killed me for the first 3-4 months I lived here. And while I've made peace with it now, this was an entire god damn season, mid-season finale, and TV Movie for us. But I wouldn't have it any other way.
Sunshine;Atmosphere;Sad Clown Bad Summer Number 9;This is my song. The amount of times I've been pulled back from the brink of a freakout, the amount of peaceful sunny days I've enjoyed, the amount of love I have for this song is unparalled. And I think it's in part due to how much it reminds me of you.
Bummerland;AJR;Bummerland;This is actually how I found out you were small. You and Tory would always blast this song whenever you were together and it ended up growing on me. I loved seeing you get riled up by the trumpets and the bass.
No Diggity;Blackstreet;Another Level;I grew up with Blackstreet, and hearing that you also rocked to this song in your dance class made me instantly like you more.
I Wonder;Kanye West;Graduation;This gave me hope. I don't remember where we were specifically when we heard it. But the beat and the lyrics always make me realize that no matter what, things will be okay. That no matter what happens, as long as I got you, it will be okay.
The Man Who Sold The World;Midge Ure;The Gift;This eerie number you always said reminded you of your characters. It was one of the songs in Metal Gear that hit me straight in the chest, and elevates me to that same creative outlet that you get too. The idea of meeting your future self who sold the world away? I know you love the whole "fucked up if true".
Kiss From a Rose;Seal;Seal;I will always remember, I think we were coming back from Great Falls, belting this song out in the car and turning it into a duet.
Self Care;Mac Miller;Swimming;The ominous intro, the repetition of lines and the buried alive music video all gave this song a darker undertone. But it was quickly stripped away when we went to the garage, big ol' door open, sitting on the couch flipping through the Eyewitness book with a perfectly rolled J. Moments like that are gonna be with me forever.
I Don't Wanna Talk;Glass Animals;I Don't Wanna Talk;A weird groovy song, released right before Dreamland on it's own single, I love the funky twang it has, and how we would always groove to it whenever it was on.
Knock Knock;Mac Miller;K.I.D.S.;Another one of my old highschool songs. I loved how hyped up you got hearing it for the first time, and how it was an instant staple for a little garage time.
Bustin';Niel Cicierega;bustin;I ain't fraid a no SLEEP! I ain't fraid of no BED!
What Was I Made For?;Billie Eillish;Barbie;You and your Barbie movie. I remember watching with you in the theater, and seeing you get all small about the ending. You were made for draw. You do alot of good in the world by doing draw, and by being your normal sunny self.
My Kind of Woman;Mac DeMarco;2;I remember getting up at the ass crack of dawn to go to work back in Chicago. Those days were always a little bit better knowing I got to send you a couple snaps before work. And while I did the same with Selena, I always remember showing you this song, and letting you know exactly how I feel.
Redbone;Childish Gambino;Awaken My Love!;This is currently the new morning song. I will however, NOT be staying woke. 
Locket;Crumb;Locket;I remember popping an edible, and watching the music video for this. I think it was the first week your ma was gone, and we had both scaled the living room steps like 8 times cause we were pretty glonky. The video was perfect though.
The Great War;Taylor Swift;Midnights;You are my favorite little dragon rider you know that? No matter how many times you cry over this song, I promise Xaden and Violet will be happy. Yarros said that she's a sucker for a happy ending right? 
Runaway;Kanye West;My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy;This was the first song I showed you on our way to the drive in the very first time I visited. I was nervous because this song is kind of heavy, but we talked and talked and talked all the way there and back, and I knew I had to come back for you. At the time I wasn't in the best space, crazy women will do that to ya, but I'm so glad that I found you, cause I have never felt the same as I did back then. Let's have toast. To all the douchebags, all the assholes, all scumbags every one that I know, all the jerkoffs who never take work off, cause baby I got a plan, we gonna runaway fast as we can.
Rio;Duran Duran;Rio;Opening up a package from you when I was in IL was always exciting, but seeing how you drew Rio for me....printed out on laminated paper at SignsNow, seeing your art at such a large scale, it was amazing. I still have her with my other art pieces, just looking for the perfect spot to hang her up.
Runaway;Kanye West;My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy;I showed this to you the very first trip I made out to see you. On our way to the drive in I played it, and we talked and talked and talked there and back. Thank you for not running away.
Nobody's Perfect;J. Cole;Cole World The Sideline Story;I like that we discovered J.Cole together, and we did it through this very first song. I remember a glimpse of it once, when I was like 15 or whenever this album came out. Hearing it again, and hearing you request it, made me smile.
Nancy Mulligan;Ed Sheeran;Division;I knew 100% you'd be small about this song, considering it's a love story A, but B, because they say forget everyone and let's get married together. I know you have a soft spot for soft stories
Riptide;Vance Joy;Dream Your Life Away;THE CUM MON-STAAAAAAH!
Watermelon Sugar;Harry Styles;Fine Line;I like this for two reasons. 1) he ain't singing about eating a "watermelon". 2) This was a very Bi start to the our relationship we had wasn't it?
Sweater Weather;The Neighborhood;I Love You.;You know what the weird thing is? I never thought I fit into a Bi sterotype until I heard you ALSO love this song. What this song is a Bi anthem? No idea. Still love it though.
Jenny (I Wanna Ruin Our Friendship);Studio Killers;Jenny;I showed you and your sister this video, and it was hilarious watching the gay/bi panic. Girls are pretty cool, and I know you agree.
Gold Digger;Kanye West;Late Registration;I put this on here because as of writing(12/9/23) this is the morning song. I hear it through the floor when I wake up and that lets me know to start getting ready too! You are in fact just a creature, and need a new bugle horn to wake you up every so often and I love that about you
Bitch Don't Kill My Vibe;Kendrick Lamar;good kid m.A.A.d city;This was one of the first songs we listened to in Chicago when we rolled up in the car. You got so speedy fast in the hotel room, you damn near wore a path down into the carpet from all your pacing! Everytime I flick my lighter, I am always transported back there.